Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You managed to get most of it
on the paper this time.
Good job. buddy.
Okay.
Hey. hey. it's me.
Happy birthday week.
So. I expect
you're celebrating.
When do you think
you're coming back?
Let me know. 'Cause. well.
you know. we miss you.
Okay. don't have too much--
I need a yellow sun. like. now.
Brigands.
They've come for my swords.
I guess it was only
a matter of time.
We give them what they want...
and then they'll leave.
Mm?
Is that pie?
Yes.
I know who you are.
Krem of the Yellow Hills.
Then you know why I'm here.
My life's work.
All in the shed out back.
Handcrafted weapons
forged from
the strongest steel
that you or your Brigand army
will ever lay
your filthy eyes on.
You have what you want.
Now leave.
Show me the way.
Not you.
Her.
No!
Mm-hmm.
I. Kara Zor-El.
of inebriated mind. body.
and. uh... spirit...
I hereby declare...
that 23 will be
the best year yet.
But let's be honest. babe.
it's not a very high bar
to clear.
Okay...
Should we just move here?
Maybe we're meant to be
red sun folks. you know?
The kinds who feel things like
a punch in the face
and. like. shots of. like.
whatever this is.
It's really good. you know?
Maybe this is home.
Not gonna happen.
Attention.
Attention!
Seriously?
I am Ruthye Marye Knoll
of the Danastia Clan.
And I come here
with one purpose.
Man.
To seek revenge against
Krem of the Yellow Hills...
...a Brigand who has
trespassed onto our planet.
murdered my innocent
and honorable family
-in cold blood.
-Rough.
Krem's ship was destroyed.
and I believe
he's still searching for
a passage off our planet.
I will need a skilled tracker.
who can help me locate
this monster
-before he escapes.
-Dude. no.
I don't-- I don't have
my powers here. all right?
- I will do the rest...
- Not my monkeys.
Not my circus.
...ending his life
to avenge my family.
In exchange...
I offer you my family sword.
Made by the hands
of my father. Elias Knoll.
The blade will be
provided to you
after I use it
to take Krem's life.
It's not our problem.
-Elias Knoll. you say?
-Yes.
A child of your size expects
to wield such a weapon?
I am no child.
I had my thirteenth turn
this past harvest.
Ah. but taking on a Brigand?
-Impossible.
-Oh. that might be a problem.
You will need someone of
enormous power to defeat Krem.
I shall do the job myself.
Hey!
Mm-mm.
Hold this. All right. just...
Let me talk to him.
It's not too late.
Let's not... be a jerk.
Just... Just give me back
the sword-- Whoa.
...and we can move on.
You don't steal
from a little kid
who just lost her parents.
Like. that's--
Man. that's so clearly
over the line
of acceptable behavior.
You could at least
help her find the...
God.
...find the shithead
who killed them.
and then you can get
the sword.
like. fair and square.
Oh. you think
I'm talking too much?
No problem.
I can talk less.
Okay. that was...
that was less talking.
How do you like that?
Oh. God! There it is. Wow.
Okay.
It's actually. like. a really
beautiful piece of silverware.
Hey. look. I'm bleeding.
Whoa!
Whoa. what the fu--?
Oh. you're an angry fella.
aren't you?
Easy. Okay. Okay!
Give me a second.
I'm a little...
I'm a little winded.
No. no. no. no. no.
Argh!
Whew.
Believe this is yours.
Thank you.
I need to go to bed.
Stop. Stop.
Oh.
Um...
Ow!
Oh...
Ugh.
Hi! Hi. Finally got you.
Mm-hmm. It's my lucky day!
Still. uh...
still celebrating. huh?
Yeah. What do you want?
I was just... Just wanted
to touch base about
when you think
you might be coming back.
No idea.
Kara. I'm just worried that...
if you keep going off-planet
like this.
you're never gonna find
your stride here.
in Metropolis.
Hold on.
I'm worried you might never
find your people.
Mm. That's the thing. Clark.
I have no people.
I know that.
I just mean maybe if you spent
a little more time here.
you might feel more at home.
Hold on! Uh. I gotta go.
Okay. Just. um. give me a call
and let me know--
Good talk. Bye.
Hold on!
I am Ruthye Marye Knoll
of the Danastia Clan.
And I come here
to seek revenge--
Yeah. some guy named Cream.
Yeah.
You already hit me
with this pitch.
So. what. you're going...
You're door-to-door now?
Look. I would love
to help you. but I can't.
So. onto the next door
with you.
Now. if you'll excuse me.
I really need to pee.
Okay.
-Was your ship attacked?
-Oh. my God.
Wait! Please!
Look. last night you stood up
for the righteous.
The just.
Look...
If you think I'm gonna
lead you on the mountains
through some sort of...
revenge plot.
turning you into
a psychotic... child murderer.
then you must be. as they say.
"on glue."
Ew.
Shall we take Elias' daughter?
The cells are packed solid.
aren't they?
What do you think
of my new ship?
Come on. man.
We gotta be
back up in the sky ASAP.
Krem deserves
what is coming to him.
You go round driven by "deserve"
and you'll end up...
very unhappy.
Krypto!
- Krem. That's him.
- What the--? Hey!
They're taking your ship
off the planet.
Krypto!
No! Krypto!
No!
Hey. Hey. buddy.
It's gonna be okay. Okay?
A Brigandian toxin
known as Reddimeir.
She says it paralyzes
the host slowly.
and I'm sorry. but painfully.
before eventually...
stopping the heart.
What can I do?
What? What is it?
She says it's more difficult
since Krem escaped
off the planet.
Moving him
would risk accelerating
the effects of the toxin.
The Brigands carry
the antidote on their person.
They use it
as an interrogation tactic.
Dangling relief
in exchange for money.
information.
whatever they're after.
Without the antidote
there's nothing she can do.
How long does he have?
Three moon raises.
Okay. Three days.
Hey. Hey.
I'm gonna go now.
And you-- You cannot
freaking give up on me.
Home is
wherever you are. buddy.
Are you going after Krem
for the antidote?
You could help me.
No. we could help each other.
You for the antidote.
and me to kill him.
Look. I'm... I'm sorry...
about what happened
to your family.
Okay? I am. So he'll suffer.
Suffer?
No. he needs to be killed.
Ruthye. your revenge
is not going to get in the way
of me saving my dog.
Okay. just... like. just
stay here and look after him.
Okay.
One...
Two...
Three... moon raises.
72 hours. buddy.
Who are you?
He basically
said. "Welcome aboard.
Please watch your step."
Yeah. sure he did.
Gum?
Maybe give us all a break
from that hookah thingy.
Okay.
Comfy?
You got a clue
what I'm saying?
Do I look like an idiot
to you?
Debatable.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to.
I was just trying
to get through to my seat.
-It was an accident.
-Oh. freakin' Ruthye.
Ow.
You put your bag on the floor
at her feet.
which is calling her mother
a whore.
Okay. why aren't you
with Krypto?
I'm searching for Krem myself.
I think I was pretty clear
when I said no to that plan.
Excuse me. can you move over
so I can sit
next to my friend?
Oh. your friend. Absolutely.
She's not my fr...
You're not my friend.
Yes. I am.
Okay.
-What's my name?
-What?
What did you hit now. Lloyd?
Who are they?
What do they want?
Sklarian Raiders.
They're like tech pirates.
They want the bus.
they want the fuel.
they want the engine.
Look away. Lloyd.
Look away. Look away.
My guess is they want
to rob us all blind first.
Noted.
I knew I should have
called in sick today. Lloyd.
The watch.
No. she doesn't--
You know. she doesn't--
Ruthye. Ruthye. let go.
Ruthye. let go. Let go.
Between you and me.
the sword...
It's not worth much. you know.
See--
I have a plan.
Kind of.
Hey!
You ladies wanna trade?
'Cause I would love
that watch and sword back.
and I'm pretty sure that
you would be interested...
in this.
Oh. sorry. wrong pocket.
In this.
Whoa. Oh. shit.
Uh. just getting my sea legs.
Shit.
Okay.
this is unpleasant.
Hey. Hey. uh...
How... How close are we
to a yellow sun?
Can you get any closer?
Yeah. sure. If I had
a friggin' engine
or some balls.
but I have neither. So. no.
Perfect. Um...
Shhh.
Ooh. this is gonna be bad.
Come on.
Oh. shi--
She's flying towards the sun!
We've lost our engines!
Found them.
When I asked for your help.
I did not know
you were so capable.
Yeah. You won the lottery.
Why couldn't you do that
on my planet?
I get my powers
from the yellow sun.
The... red sun
makes me normal.
Then why would you choose
to be under a red sun?
Well. 'cause the whiskey
don't work so good
when I'm like this.
With abilities like that.
you're sure to be able
to take on Krem.
Enough! You're coming with me
to find Krem.
Congratulations.
You wore me down.
You were gonna do it
either way.
At best
you'll end up kidnapped.
At worst you'll screw it up
for the both of us.
and... oh. I've got
to save my dog.
Just do what I say.
Keep quiet and don't die.
There she is.
It's flying sun lady.
Good job.
We kicked ass back there. huh?
We make a good team. I think.
We're wondering if you could
help us find the Brigands.
Do you have any idea
where they are?
No idea.
But I bet those Sklarians
that you tied up on my bus
probably do.
See. that is an idea.
Here's an even better idea:
Don't abandon your daughter.
These taste like shit.
Um. okay.
I really don't have time
for this. so...
...let's get to it.
Oh. it's okay. Don't worry.
I'll do the other side
to even it out...
if you tell me
where to find Krem.
And what will you give us
in return?
Oh. that's a good question.
Um...
An intact spinal cord.
So you gonna talk or...
Let her have him.
Krem has the strength
of one thousand men.
He'll tear
this little girl apart.
He's on Bilquis.
Nice try.
Bilquis's a dead planet.
Dying. not dead.
The atomic wars
brought destruction.
Half the population is gone.
And the remaining resources
have drawn filth.
From every corner
of the galaxy.
Filth. Like the Brigands.
They scavenge for people.
People?
For girls.
Girls to help them continue
their all-male race.
Cool.
So we're going to Bilquis.
All right.
let's take you shopping.
Perfect.
-Don't freak out.
-Why would I?
-I'm not freaking out.
-You're not freaking out.
I'm not freaking out!
Seems to me
like you're freaking out.
-I might be freaking out.
-Okay.
Good.
Now you won't die.
Whoa!
You could have
done that sooner.
Yep.
-On your planet...
-Earth.
Do others on Earth
have powers like you?
No. it's a pretty small group
of two.
Who's the other one?
They call him Superman.
I call him Clark.
He's my cousin.
And you are Superwoman?
I'm Supergirl.
Are you considerably younger
than he is?
There's. like.
ten years. give or take.
How come he's a man?
I mean. you're--
Move it! Out of the way.
Let's find some Brigands.
Thank you.
♪ Tall and tan
And young and lovely ♪
Sorry. we are a bit backed up.
♪ The girl from Ipanema
Goes walking ♪
Hi.
♪ And when she passes
Each one she passes goes "Ah!" ♪
♪ But I watch her
So sadly... ♪
I know she's worth a lot
'round here.
I'm aware.
Let me have her
and you can walk out alive.
Tempting.
But just
switching subjects here.
Do you have any information
on the Brigands?
That sort of information's
gonna cost ya.
I'll tell you what.
I'll arm-wrestle you for her.
Seriously.
You win
and you can have us both.
I win...
and you can tell us
where the Brigands are.
-Deal.
How about you play with me?
You ready?
Okay.
Okay. this does not look like
this is gonna end well.
For you guys. I mean.
Anybody want to leave?
No? Okay.
Ah. let's not hurt
the merchandise.
Ruthye. sit down over there.
I'll kill you.
Keep playing.
You know.
It's like the Titanic. Yeah.
♪ Heaven
I'm in heaven ♪
Okay. boys.
Fingers on triggers?
♪ And my heart beats
So that I can hardly speak ♪
Yeah? Okay. Let's go.
♪ And I seem to find
The happiness I seek ♪
♪ When we're out together ♪
♪ Dancing cheek to cheek ♪
♪ Heaven. I'm in heaven ♪
♪ And the cares
That hung around me ♪
♪ Through the week... ♪
How was that discreet?
You broke that man's arm.
Okay. I'm...
Look. I'm... I'm sorry.
Okay? My dog's dying.
so I don't really have
the patience
that I should have right now.
Okay?
Oh. you don't have to.
No. no. no. no.
It's good. It's good.
Oh. I didn't know that
you spoke the Common Tongue.
Little.
-Mareck.
-Mar... Mareck.
Bomar.
Well. we're actually here
looking for somebody.
You don't happen to know
any Brigands? Do you?
Shit.
It's Lobo.
- Who?
- Keep quiet.
No eye contact.
He's an immortal
with a God complex.
Killed off his entire planet.
Not a fun guy. Hey.
Three more of whatever
you call that shit.
I'm looking for a Brigand.
Goes by the name
of Drom Baxton.
He's an ugly friggin' bastich.
-He's looking for Brigands.
-No!
Red mohawk. Dead left eye.
He's so rude.
Have you seen him?
No.
I know he was here.
You're saying he wasn't?
-I'm gonna go.
-Sit down.
Are you calling me a liar?
No.
Well. I am.
But not about this.
He's worth a lot of money.
Take care of my whole year.
-Excuse me.
-Go away.
I am Ruthye Marye Knoll
of the Danastia Clan.
Who cares?
And I come here
with one purpose.
to seek revenge against
Krem of the Yellow Hills.
We could help you
take on the Brigands.
You're going to help me?
Do you know
who you are speaking to?
Would you like to find out?
Hi! We're just
a couple of girls
from Metropolis. USA.
We're doing a fun little tour.
Of space!
It's for my... my birthday.
Yeah. we've been on.
what is it.
like. three planets so far?
And I'm exhausted.
You know?
Like. OMG. I had no idea
that space was
so. like. vast and...
Stop.
You're hurting my head.
You all have been
super useless.
Happy birthday.
Useless.
We know friend know Brigands.
Our house. meet?
We walk.
but not safe for Ruthye.
Wear this?
Bomar get friend
and meet home.
Wait here.
Girl is tired. Rest.
When will Bomar be here
with your friend?
Soon.
So. is Superman like you?
Grumpy? Rude?
-You think I'm rude?
-Of course.
Seems to be something
you do intentionally.
-Okay.
-Is Superman not that way?
Clark? No.
He's a freakin' nerd.
Let's just say
we're not alike.
-Because?
-I don't know.
He sees the good in everyone.
and I see the truth.
So you think he's naive?
-No. but... He's young.
-But isn't he older than you?
Yeah. but it's not his age
that makes him young.
it's his heart.
There are just some things
he never had to go through.
So his heart is light.
you know?
It's not like mine or Bomar's
or your--
What's Earth like?
I'm not really
from Earth. Ruthye.
From another planet.
Krypton.
I thought everyone died
the day the core erupted.
No. Krypton didn't die
in a day.
The gods are not that kind.
My father
and his brother Jor-El
tried to warn the Council
of what was coming...
but no one listened.
Mm.
Is it now?
I thought we had more time.
So did I. but Krypton's core
is too unstable.
It will explode in minutes.
I have triggered
the force field. We need to go.
Alura!
Now!
Is that him?
That is Kal-El.
The sweet little boy
your brother has declared
a conqueror of worlds.
It's time.
That was eight years
before I was born.
Are we fools. Zor-El?
Should we have listened
to your brother?
We can't send our daughter...
to another planet
to be some sort of god.
We preserved all this
for a reason.
We have to believe
there's a future here.
Kara. where are you?
Honestly. I didn't have a clue
that Argo was different
from any other planet.
I thought we were lucky.
But luck.
almost by definition.
runs out.
Tell me.
When Argo City broke off.
it unearthed...
a crystalline mineral
buried deep in the planet.
Kryptonite.
The soil has been poisoned.
People are ill all over Argo...
and it's spreading.
And can it be helped?
Kara.
What is all this?
Trying to preserve Argo with
my force field was a failure.
The radiation
has taken hold of me. too.
I cannot let it get you.
I found my brother's sketches
for the escape pod.
I made it big enough for you.
You will follow your cousin.
Kal-El.
You will make a new home
on Earth.
No!
This is my home.
This is my only home.
Let the radiation take me too.
I'll lie in the ground
next to you and next to mom.
I am one tiny life.
What difference does it make
whether I live or die?
You are not one tiny life.
You are your mother's life.
You are my life.
You are our souls
unfolding into the future.
My child...
this is why you must live.
When I am gone.
I need you
to promise me something.
Of course. mother.
Just be good.
That doesn't mean
you cannot be tough.
And that doesn't mean
you have to be nice.
But you must be good.
We do not choose our paths.
Your path
will be one of great effort...
of great purpose.
Where you are going.
you will have enormous power.
Use it to protect those...
who cannot protect themselves.
Trust yourself...
to know what is right. Kara.
We are with you.
So. yeah.
When I say
I know what it's like.
I'm not talking
out of my ass. Ruthye.
Grief is a killer. You know?
It can make you want
to break bad. or...
you know. get revenge. but...
I don't think
any of those things
are gonna lead you
to where you want to go.
So. what does?
When did you stop
feeling angry?
Any day now.
Um...
I'm just gonna
go check on him.
Stay here.
Where's your friend?
They come now. Sit.
Recipe from my mother.
from her mother.
mother. mother...
-A little bitter.
-Thank you.
Drink.
How does your friend
know the Brigands?
We all know the Brigands.
But you said--
Brigands come here.
take girls.
They come here.
take... our girl.
Sarna.
Yeah. your. um...
your daughter. the...
The pictures.
What did you give me?
Sorry. Sorry. stop drinking.
Stop drinking.
Bomar. stop!
It's for our daughter.
we have no choice.
Did you get
this poison from the Brigands?
I-- No understand.
You should be...
Paralyzed.
This is just
really gonna suck.
Ow.
Whoa.
- Milk.
- Why?
Well. it coats your stomach
if you've been poisoned.
Come on. man.
It's a white liquid.
-Door. Door.
-Help me out here.
What kind of milk
was that?
Chewchan.
Oh. my God. Okay.
So. you sold me out...
for what?
What are you... What are you
getting in return?
Speak.
One girl for two girls.
Hello.
Are you okay?
I heard
you were looking for me.
Huh?
You found me.
Technically. you found me.
Mm.
Hey. man. Can you just give me
one second?
Thanks. I needed that.
You dropped
your puppy's antidote.
Kara!
Help me!
Help!
No!
Kara!
Come on!
Whoa!
Sorry!
-Are you drunk?
-No!
Hey.
She don't look very poisoned
to me. eh?
Bring me their daughter.
Now.
You smell of vomit.
Because Mareck poisoned me.
Oh. and I am fine.
thank you for asking.
Huh.
The brides!
Get them! Get them!
Don't move.
Run.
Drom Baxton.
There's a lot of rich dipshits
looking for you.
Screw you. old man.
Shit.
-Sarna! Sarna!
-Sarna! Sarna! Sarna!
A deal is a deal.
She has to die.
- No!
- Sarna!
Ouch.
Aren't you the ditz
from that dive bar?
Funny.
That's what
I've been calling you.
Touché!
Oh. that's ballsy.
Drom Baxton!
You just made me angry.
Got you. bastich.
Sarna.
Where are you?
You okay? Yeah?
Okay. get her out of here.
She's the last one. Go. Go!
Come on. Krem.
Where's my antidote?
You like to play games.
I can play games.
I can smell you.
-I told you not to move.
-I had him.
Hide.
Shit!
Sarna!
Bye-bye.
No! No!
They're dead.
Because you did not let me do
what had to be done!
Okay. Ruthye. I'm not
letting you kill that man.
Why not? Look at the suffering
he leaves in his wake.
Why does he get to be alive?
Why?
Okay! Okay. stop freaking out!
Get off! Don't tell me
not to freak out.
I'm allowed.
Tell me why.
Because it'll mess you up.
You think it will make you
feel better? It won't.
It'll haunt you
for the rest of your life.
Is that what you want?
So. the alternative
is to be like you?
Constantly leaving your planet
to drink yourself
into a stupor?
Drunk all of the time
so you never
have to feel anything?
Guess what? I too want
to free myself of this pain.
And I do not want
to be like you.
Okay.
Then why don't you go find
whatever dimensional portal
he just passed through
all by yourself?
Hey! Squidward!
Where are the Brigands?
-No idea.
-Really?
-Aargh!
-Bullshit.
I have less than 24 hours
to save my dog.
so you tell me
where the Brigands are
and I won't turn you
into a hand puppet. Okay?
Okay.
But you'll have to wear this.
Let's go.
This is as close as we get.
Hi. there.
I've been tracking your ship
for the last month.
I believe you're from Krypton?
And so am I.
Clark.
I don't understand you.
Where am I?
Is this Earth?
Are you Kal-El?
I'm sorry. I don't...
I don't. um...
I don't speak Kryptonian.
I didn't ever...
Shoot. I...
I wasn't raised there. so...
I wasn't raised there!
Why am I talking louder?
Let me help you.
Krypto. be good. buddy.
Be good.
He's a feisty little guy.
He's cute.
Is it okay if I...
Watch your step there.
Might be slippery. so...
Is this... I'll grab it.
Okay.
Ah. yeah. Pretty cool. huh?
Don't worry.
we don't actually live here.
There's a lot more to Earth
than just this place.
Big city. Lots of stuff to do.
Bowling. that's fun.
It was a big adjustment
for me.
You know. coming from Kansas.
You know.
small town kinda guy. but...
You know Kansas?
No. Why would you know Kansas?
What am I...?
You can't understand a word
that I'm saying right now.
It's okay. You will one day.
And you'll also learn to love
this place just like I have.
Promise.
Why is he in his underwear?
Oh.
Should mention.
Your powers are gonna start
kicking in right about...
now.
How can this be home?
I thought that the shelter
might help.
Was I right?
Wait...
What did you...
I saw you boarding
that man's ship.
so I snuck up
into the cargo hold.
What's this place?
It's my prison.
The Brigands know that
the planet orbits between...
two suns.
And that the green sun...
can kill me.
Krem left your ship on Bilquis
and I found this.
Thought that it might help.
It's... It's just
a stupid suit. Ruthye.
It doesn't do anything.
My dog...
My Krypto.
I'm not there to say goodbye.
- Hey.
- He...
-I just want...
-Hey. Kara.
Don't freak out.
I'm so sorry for saying
I didn't want to be like you.
I mean...
you're not always nice.
but you're kind.
And you're not always perfect.
but you're good.
So. thank you
for taking me with you.
Water.
Gotcha.
Thank you...
I guess.
Top of those bars
are poison-tipped.
It's a painful
and noisy death.
So if you could wait
until after my nap.
that would be great.
-And why should I trust you?
-You shouldn't.
But I'd trust me
more than a Brigand.
My assumption is
that you've tried and failed
at numerous ways
to get out of here.
Why are you in here?
You're not gonna let me nap.
are you?
-Did you get caught?
-Hunters don't get caught.
They set traps
and then they wait.
Well. I'm not interested
in waiting.
Soon. I will find Krem
and do what needs to be done.
Is there a bounty on his head
that I don't know about?
No! I'm not after the money.
I'm after the revenge.
Ugh. Overrated.
He murdered my innocent
and honorable family
in cold blood.
Well. there must have been
a reason.
We gave him what he came for.
He killed them for nothing.
For sport.
That's a reason.
He has no honor. No...
code.
Like you. I can imagine.
My code is iron.
you little shit.
And make no mistake.
I kill for money. not sport.
And I never go back
on my word.
A dead Kryptonian...
should make
for a magnificent trophy.
I'm working on it.
I think
your friend is in trouble.
If she's still alive.
Yes.
You know. green sun...
and Kryptonian...
is not good combination.
you know?
Is very difficult.
You fragile excuse for a man.
What?
More revolting
than the excrement
on the bottom of your shoe.
Wow.
So many words! Cool!
But you don't need them here.
I'm going to tell you something.
Hm?
Come on. turn around.
Look at me.
I want to propose a deal.
You tell me
where we can find your friend
and I will let you live.
Huh?
Bye-bye.
This one dies
before the end of the day.
Please.
I don't want to die.
Please. just don't--
Don't let me die.
Come on. I'm begging you.
Please just...
just take me to Krem.
Please. just take me to Krem!
I'll tell him where
he can find my friend. Please.
Get off your fat ass...
and take her to Krem.
He'll shut her up.
Thank you.
Won't you just take me
to Krem?
I'll be good. I promise.
I promise. I'll do...
I'll do whatever he says.
I'll tell him
what he needs to know.
Keep your trap shut
and do as you're told.
Thank you so much.
Yes!
That was amazing.
You're a little savage.
aren't ya? I knew it.
I knew
you had it in you.
I could see it.
Come back.
Aren't you
forgetting something?
Come on back.
- Fine.
- There she is.
But only if you help
us take down the Brigands.
Oh. they're gonna suffer.
Yeah!
I'm very proud of you.
Told you my plan would work.
Deck's this way. I get
my chopper and my gut hook.
I'm gonna slash--
That is very impressive.
Little shit.
Where you are going.
you will have enormous power.
I need you to promise me
something.
I know
it's pretty colorful. but...
Use it to protect those...
who cannot protect themselves.
...that's just so
everyone knows we're...
good.
I heard
you were calling me
from down there.
is that true?
Yeah. Ooh.
Ah. Mmm.
Look at me.
Hm?
Do it.
Better make it quick.
You know. we haven't been
formally introduced.
Hi. I'm the bitch
whose dog you shot.
Whew!
Feel the power!
Huh? Look at this.
I made it especially
for you. as present.
It's Kryptonite Delight.
It's Kryptonite crystal.
I never tested it on anybody.
but looking at you...
it works.
Your eyes are beautiful
when you cry.
A lot of pain. huh?
Lot of suffering.
I don't like
to see you suffer.
So we will end the suffering.
Drom!
Got you. bastich!
Travel-size is always easier.
Not the abs.
That was great kill.
No!
The kid wants revenge.
-She should have it.
-It's not that simple.
Seems pretty simple to me.
See ya. ditz.
Oh. shit.
Hey. Are you all right?
The brides.
They're still in there.
Stay here.
It's a beautiful sword
from your father.
I'm sure you would love
to put it deep in my heart.
Come on.
Let's see
if you are killer. huh?
♪ Hey. don't write
Yourself off yet ♪
♪ It's only in your head
You feel left out ♪
♪ And looked down on ♪
♪ Just do your best ♪
♪ Do everything you can ♪
♪ And don't you worry
What their bitter hearts ♪
♪ Are gonna say ♪
♪ It just takes some time ♪
♪ Little girl. you're
In the middle of the ride ♪
♪ And everything
Will be just fine ♪
♪ Everything is gonna be
All right ♪
♪ It just takes some time ♪
♪ Little girl. you're
In the middle of the ride ♪
♪ Everything. everything
Will be just fine ♪
Will be all right ♪
♪ It just takes some time ♪
♪ Little girl. you're
In the middle of the ride ♪
♪ Everything will be just fine ♪
♪ Everything is gonna be
All right ♪
♪ It just takes some time ♪
♪ Little girl. you're
In the middle of the ride ♪
♪ And everything
Will be just fine ♪
♪ Everything will be all right ♪
May this blade put an end
to all of the suffering
you have caused.
Ruthye.
-No.
-You can't stop me.
I won't.
But if you kill him.
it won't take your pain away.
You'll have to carry him
with you
-for the rest of your life.
-So what?
I'm already ruined.
What the hell--
No.
Your heart is still good
and open.
Show him who you are.
You are Ruthye Marye Knoll
of the Danastia Clan.
Your family is with you.
even now.
Your life...
...will be your revenge.
Hey.
I wish it never happened.
It's okay.
And I wish it could all be
like it was before.
I know. me too.
Okay. okay.
You're gonna walk away...
before you change your mind.
Okay.
You think
you saved her soul.
Won't be anything left
worth saving
when I am done--
That's for my dog.
Yeah.
And this is for what you did
to that little girl.
Hey. buddy.
I told you I'll be back.
Yeah? You miss me?
Whoa!
Hi! Yes. I'm ve--
I'm very excited
to see you too. buddy!
Okay.
Okay. Ow. Krypto!
You're gonna give me pink eye.
man. Stop. stop. stop.
Oh. Krypto.
Oh.
-Oh. good boy.
-Krypto. come on.
We've gotta head out.
but you're...
You're good. Right?
Yes.
I'm going to stay
with my aunt and...
I might start making swords.
like my dad.
That's a great idea.
So. will you be heading back
to your pub crawl?
No judgement.
Um...
No. I think my pub crawl days
are behind me.
I'm really glad
that I met you. Ruthye.
Yeah. me too.
So. I...
guess this is goodbye.
Goodbye. Kara.
Come on. Krypto.
I'm gonna regret this. Um...
I never finished celebrating
my birthday.
Yes!
Yes. of course!
Thank you. thank you.
thank you!
Well. don't thank me yet.
You're buying. right?
Come on.
You can be gone
for a couple of days. right?
Your aunt's
not gonna freak out?
She won't freak out.
-Hi.
Rough trip?
Yeah.
Birthdays have always
been kinda tricky for me too.
Yeah. It was good. too.
You know. like.
in its own sorta way.
-Good.
-Yeah.
How have things been here
with you?
Yeah. yeah. Busy.
-Mm?
-Yeah.
Could have used your help
on this last guy.
I... I mean.
I could always use your help.
but I know
you have places to be.
No.
Yeah. I think I'm gonna stay
a while this time.
Stay here?
-Yeah.
-Oh. good.
Krypto. Come on. man.
Where's he gonna stay?
Sorry. He's just...
We are...
just happy to be home.
I am also happy.
He's in the chocolate.
It's chocolate.
Krypto. no. no. no. don't
eat that! Don't eat that!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org